today in case you don't know it today is
Flag Day and I hope it was a windy one
for you
Flag Day was started in 1916 by a group
of senators who needed an excuse to go
home early one day it is a day for
patriotism you know we've heard a lot
lately about immigrants and immigration
we seem to have forgotten that this is a
nation of immigrants people who come to
this country became here because they
believe they can build a better life and
every week immigrants from all over the
world take the oath of citizenship in
courthouses libraries auditoriums all
across the country without much pomp or
circumstance for instance this is how it
goes
so I don't know I think becoming an
American shouldn't look like a visit to
the DMV it's a big deal and we think it
deserves a big deal so tonight we
invited a group of brand-new citizens to
come to our show these are real new
citizens Joseph the announcer for the
Los Angeles Kings day
[Music]
the place
from gee golly Rwanda standing at 5 foot
11 inches tall
[Music]
five football she is an ill-advised
engineer
[Applause]
[Music]
4:11 he is a
dog
[Music]
[Applause]
like Windex
here's the walk team CEO who likes his
eggs sunny-side up
[Applause]
[Music]
five foot seven from Simferopol Crimea
he is a software engineer who likes
puzzles and ice cream
[Music]
[Applause]
on behalf of all Americans we are happy
to welcome you in part of our country
and now with the official welcome to
America gift basket please welcome
another naturalized American citizen
Guillermo here
[Music]
here looks hella what they get they get
an apple pie yes whatever they get a
beer hell man beer
some illegal Chinese fire word
a pair of trunk not
beautiful each of you gets that basket
in the celebration dozen India in back
of our studio we have a limo standing by
right now driven by none other than our
16th President Abraham Lincoln
big after-party at the International
House of Pancakes our new American
citizens everyone
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos